# Week 3 Reflection

This week was more data collection on campus at the elementary school. Coincdentally, a group of Bellevue elementary school librarians on campus for professional development trainings, so the day turned into a great networking opportunity. Data collection went well (though less than expected due to all my shameless promotion of my services for potential capstone) my data intake process is solidly standardized now. Looking through all the books, the lacks of diversity is immediately apparent. Most books are over 20 years old. Most feature stories from the global north (how many copies of _Hansel and Gretel_ does a school library really need?). Stories from the global south or Native American communities are present, though they mostly appear to be retold by white authors, and do not actually feature BIPOC people, but rather animals.  While own voices stories are crucial, I am not recording any information on stories authors because I do not want to misidentify anyone or breach author's privacy. 

The prominance of animals is fascinating to me. I hadn't thought about how prominent animals are in folk tales before, and I would be interested to find some scholarship exploring this. I don't think the prominence of animals in stories from indigenous communities is a bad. I think I feel the opposite; I think it speaks to these communities' more reciprocial, relationships with non-human relatives that is missing from the Western world. I think these are crucial perspectives to include in a folk tale collection. Though I do think they should be told by the cultures that originated them, and they should not supplement stories that center BIPOC, emphasis on _people_.

I began looking at the metadata provided by Follett, the school's library vendor. It is frustrating how little information they include. I was hoping for the LoC subject headings, but they only include the first one for each book, which is usually "Folk tales." Thanks a bunch Follett... This makes me even more dubious being offered by library vendors, who I know are using subject headings as their main data source in their computational analysis. This work is making me feel very strongly that this kind of work cannot be done soley computationally.
