This was my last week at Stevenson, and it was Scholastic Book Fair week!! I did not get a lot of work done on the project while I was at Stevenson, but I had a lot of fun helping out with the fair. It was interesting to see the fair as an adult and see how it has changed since I was an elementary school student. The teacher librarian has to put in so much extra work just to set the fair up and is unable to operate the library while the fair is running due to the time demands.

While I was working from home, I was able to compile a list of weeding suggestions. I downloaded a CSV of the collection catalog, with the accompanying diversity data I had collected, as well as circulation data. I then sorted the list by the following filters:
- Intersectionality score -- A tally of the number of representation indicators associated with any given book (e.g. A book with no diverse representation has an intersectionality score of 0, whereas a book depicting working class people (1 point) in Africa (1 point) has a score of 2.) While this is not a perfect measure of diversity for these books, I think it will suffice for weeding suggestions because many books have a score of 0, making them easy candidates for weeding.
- Circulation -- Books seeing the least circulation are the highest priority for weeding.
- Publication date -- Books with an older publication date are the highest priority for weeding.

I was not able to compile selection suggestions, as much as I wanted to. This work takes considerable time to be done intentionally, and I just did not have it within the scope of this quarter. My hope is the next DFW student will be able to use the weeding suggestions to actually weed the collection, as well as use the report to find quality books to replenish the collections.
